man i wish i could go back to mid 2015, when everyone was hyped for star wars instead of extremely divided
nostalgia and the old good times when nobody hated star wars sequels 
I miss this old times
Finn at the beginning of the trilogy: I have an interesting backstory and the potential to have a great character arc.
Finn at the end of the trilogy: REY!!!!
I remember feeling so excited for this movie, being so grateful to Disney for allowing me to experience watching Star Wars in the theater again. I remember sharing this trailer to a girl I was working towards a relationship with, and I remember going to watch this movie with her, and it was the first time a girl had rested her head on my shoulder in my life. 
Flash forward 5 years later, we've moved on with her having a boyfriend and her never wanting to talk to me ever again, and this trilogy has become a bitter disappointment. 
How things change over time.
The fact that this trailer has over a 100Million views just tells how hyped this was
Back when everyone thought Finn was gonna be the hero of this trilogy.
Someone PLEASE take me back when this movie was the best part of Christmas vacation. When this was the hype and what everyone talked about. PLEASE.
Remember when Star Wars was the biggest thing in the world during 2015
Finn: "I was trained to do one thing"
Disney: "To look like a potential force sensitive and main hero only to end up being the token black guy"?
honestly Star Wars The Force Awakens was the best movie in that trilogy
It’s like watching your wedding video after filing for divorce...
And to think we still don't know how Maz found the Skywalker lightsaber...
Best movie out of all the Sequels in my opinion
I was trained to do one thing.
 "Sanitation."
Who are you?
I'm no one...
Honestly had so much potential to be impactful in the last film, tying back to the first one, but ruined by one of the most poorly written story in film...
Back when this was the most hyped movie in history.
“Who are you”
Rey: “im no one”
“No one who”
Dude, I'm literally in a puddle of nostalgia tears
Force awakens was an amazing movie in my opinion.
It's been 5 years, feels like it was yesterday...
The movie is not bad ... But this trailer is a masterpiece
I don't care what anyone says, this trailer and movie were amazing.
Seeing this makes me sad. Had such high hopes for the sequels.
Remember when people analysed every frame of this trailer
Who else is here in 2020 after The Rise of Skywalker.
U couldn't handle the end of a saga. Where did that bring u? 
Back to the trailers.
2020 and still remembering the hype for this movie was truly a once in a lifetime experience.
This is one of those instances where the movie is nothing like the trailer. The trailer feels like the movie is gonna be epic. I don't hate any trilogy or anything but the movie and the subsequent two movies do really disappointed me. The actual story itself is nothing like what they have hyped in the trailer.
Imagine they put as much care into the movies as they did this trailer.
It's already been 5 years since this trailer was released. 5 years, that's half a decade.
I used to think the sequels were a tragedy, but now I realise it's a comedy
Joker
It upsets me knowing how much potential there was after this movie.
Star Wars: we’re going to make a black man the hero of the new trilogy......sike
This may be the best trailer of all time
I sense that you are here, after watching The Rise of Skywalker.
Life was much simpler back when this trailer dropped. No one was apprehensive about the future of Star Wars.
At least people enjoy The Mandalorian these days.
They had so much to build off of from this movie but really ruined... just sad
I remember when the most controversial thing about the new Star Wars was the cross guarded lightsaber... but now the whole trilogy is controversial :(
The trailer was better than the movie.
This trilogy had so much promise that it never delivered
NUNCA voy a perdonar estas emociones que me hicieron sentir y que acabaron en una trilogía que para mi no existe. Star Wars acabó en el episodio VI
This movie wasn't the best, but could potentially set up a lot for the trilogy. Shame that rian johnson happened
Remember when we though Finn's is the main character and will be a Jedi in this movie
The Force Awakens is a good movie in my opinion
The Force Awakens is the best out of the sequels, change my mind. I am a huge fan of the sequels, but this one just stands out to me
At this point, I think the entire world would pitch in to have this trilogy remade.
One of the best of the series, I miss when Star Wars fans were excited and not divided over some dumb space wizard movies
Makes me sad seeing how much potential this new trilogy had
This trilogy had so much potential and then Rian Johnson happened. It's a good thing John Favreau restored balance to the force with the season finale of The Mandalorian.
it could’ve been so much more. so much more.
1:23 jesus remember when the Knights of Ren were actually kinda cool and not randomly thrown into the final movie with no build up or payoff?
I miss the days when the fanbase wasn't broken
Remember when the fanbase wasn’t divided and we were all hyped for this movie and enjoyed it? Good times.
It was set up so brilliantly, with this masterpiece, and now look where we are. What could've been from this, it could've been so much more. It's true, all of it, the dark side, the Jedi, all of it.
Let’s be honest, we all thought Finn would be the Jedi at one point. I’ve never been so bamboozled in my life. At 1:32, they literally pan to Finn and say “a Jedi,”that really tilted me.
The Eyecatcher Trailers had been the best of the whole D-Trilogy, sry to say it. Too many Questionmarks  already in Episode 7, followed by non direction Twists, missing Answers got forgotten or not continued or answered like a Junkfood. But i have to say i love Mandalorian, finally...
“Star Wars” are two words that all of the people existing around the world knows :)
I wish they had just left it at this trailer and never released the movies.
Looking back on this after what John said... He's 100% right.
Uhm.. Rey is the first character you see in the trailer, why would you believe she isn't the main character?
Am I the only one here who actually likes this movie?
wow, Carrie Fishers death hit me like a rock. What even is this year man.
It's true. All of it.
chills
1:39 I was today years old when I realized Rey’s speeder is a transformer
5 years later, and still this trailer gives goosebumps
Easily the best movie trailer ever
Last Jedi: “ Look how old you’ve become”
Force Awakens: “Something far worse has happened to you”
Star wars EPISODE 7: the force AWAKENS is my favorite star wars movie and my 4th favorite movie of all time
I'm sick of getting hate for loving the sequels, it's legit the prequels all over again
Remember people thinking Rey was Jyns or Luke's dauhter
Time passed really fast
Spoiler alert: he doesn’t finish anything anyone started
Best. Trailer. Ever.
This makes me wanna go back to 2015 when I thought those movies were gonna be good. :(
Since then, the sequels have gone from huge potential to huge punchline.
You know a trailer is good when it gets you hyped for a movie you've seen at least 5 times
Remember when everyone was so excited about this?
Still the greatest trailer I’ve ever seen in my life.
Say what you want about the sequels, this was a pretty solid film
Though not perfect we all have to agree that this is the best movie in the sequal trilogy
It's scary how fast the time goes..
Me in 2015: OH WOW FINALLY A NEW TRILOGY AFTER 10 YEARS
Me now: AM I REALLY THAT OLD
This is honestly the best movie out of the sequels.
Remember when everyone was so hyped for this? Ah, I miss the good ole days
I remember seeing Finn in the trailer and I thought he would be an interesting character
I didn’t think the only dialogue he would get was “REYYY!!!”
Force Awakens: "I'm no one," 
Last Jedi: "They were nobody's," 
Rise of Skywalker: "yOuR a pAlPaTiNe"
I'm no one
arya stark has entered the chat
I started crying tears of joy when this was showed
Finn going from
I was raised to do one thing, but I've got nothing to fight for
to
tHeY fLy NoW
Watching this trailer in 2015: [everyone liked that]
Watching this trailer in 2020: lie down, try not to cry, cry a lot.
i remember crying when i watched this the first time, man i wish i could go to an alternate universe where everything is the same except for how they did TLJ and TROS, a universe where all three movies are generally loved by the public and they’re all actually good movies and not just nostalgia trips
This trilogy could have been amazing.
I remember watching this trailer, I was so excited, seeing my childhood be awaken again, a new story, new theories, new characters, seeing that for the first time there would be a female lead, I was absolutely amazed and happy! Sadly, things didn’t really go well, and for me the two last movies were a disaster. Watching this again brakes my heart, knowing how excited I was for this, how they would expand the SW world. I hope we get to see one day more of SW Universe, but produced and well thought! TFA still holds a special place in my heart and I’m grateful for it!
Remember when everyone thought Rey was going to be Han's daughter?
I cried when i saw this because i was so attached to star wars.
finn had soo much potential
Oh man I still get chills watching this
This was the best movie of the sequels
Trash on the new trilogy or whatever, but you must admit the trailers are spectacular
Look for how much I disliked 2015 I want to go back to it, I want to get excited to see Star Wars once again
Those good old days before toxic fans rise up
Despite everything that came After. I still find the Force Awakens to be a very enjoyable film, all these years later. And perhaps the best of the Sequel Trilogy.
When I first watched this the morning the trailer was released 1:17 almost made my cry man. That hyperspace segment was awesome
This is still one of the best movie trailers ever made.
When is it coming out xd
Estuvo más épico el trailer que la película xd
Just watching this trailer just made me realize how good this movie was
Does anyone remember when everyone was so hyped for this?
The best film of the sequels
5 years... goodness me. I only wish that the rest of this trilogy was as good as the first installment... 😫😫😫
Yep. Still gives me chills.
1:05 chills everywhere
This is still the greatest film trailer of all time.
Best trailer ever in my opinion!
I will still love the franchise. Whatever it takes...
Who else gets motivated by the soundtrack used here? I swear its epic af
TFA actually was pretty okay...
little did we know that things were about to change...
Holy hell. I was 8 when this came out and now I have changed so much. I once thought this was the best then thought it was the worst. Now I think the entire trilogy was the worst one. The movie experience was magical. It was the only time where the audience clapped during scenes. Best movie experience I have ever had. The hype was unreal with the only equal contender being Endgame. One of the first movies I saw in the theater.
THIS. THIS WAS THE BEST TRAILER. AND THE HYPE. OHHH CAN WE GO BACK TO 2015
i still watch this trailer and I'm so sad to miss the good old days
Yea but where's Rey's Disney princess song??
Remember when we thought the sequel trilogy was gonna be good
For the sequels i think this is the best one for me
1:05-  one of the most beautiful numbers John Williams has ever made... beautiful.
Remember when we all thought Finn was going to be Jedi
Thank you for 1k likes
Who thinks this trailer was put together very well? 🙋
This was the first Star Wars movie i watched ever
I have said it once, I will say it again: This trailer is MORE EPIC, than this movie can ever be...
God I wish i could go back to when this trailer was out
Without a doubt one of the best trailers ever made
I remember back then when we all shut our pants while watching thia trailer. But now...look how Disney massacred our boy 😢
This trailer makes me to watch the movie again
This trailer is the best thing to come from the new trilogy.
I remember thinking Finn was going to be the protagonist and the Jedi, with his stormtrooper backstory he would have been such a good character. Guess I was wrong :(
I legit was a freshman in high school when this movie came out and now I’m a freshman in college. Time goes fast.
From the Star Wars film Revenge of the Sith to this film it's been 10 years, I hope I don't have to wait 10 years for a fourth trilogy
I remember being so hype for the sequels and now I wish they had never of happened. At least under Disney’s control.
After seeing The Rise Of Skywalker it hurts to come back to this
I remember leaving the cinemas with the best feeling and two years leaving with the opposite 😂😢
Going to this movie was my biggest Christmas gift
I get chills watching this, the trilogy had some much potential
The first sequel movie was great but the other afterwards were rubbish. I would've like to have finn wielding a lightsaber instead of Rey, or both could be a jedi knight. Both with lightsabers. That would of been awesome!
guys remember when star wars was just A MOVIE?
When I watch star wars or shows, when they are on a planet, it feels like a different universe. In the sequels other than exogol, it just either felt like post apocalypse in the future or the future but in away from society. Basically, it didn't feel like a different universe, it seemed like it was in our universe, on earth
Back when we thought the Knights of Ren would be epic instead they just stand on a cliff and die without any backstory. Wasted potential
Love Or Hate the sequels, you gotta be honest they have the best trailers for Star Wars as a whole
This is the greatest trailer in history
How ironically true the opening words from rey are....
And here we are almost 4 years later and the finale is quickly approaching
Does anyone else think that this is the best of the sequel trilogy
Ah 2015 a time when everyone was into Star Wars and no fan divisions.
This trilogy got it's flaws. But so does every other star wars trilogy. Even the originals. Each trilogy stands on its own. But being excited for these movies and seeing them opening night was amazing. And something I'll never forget.
Remember when this had so much potential, when the star wars Fandom wasn't as toxic as it is today, before kathleen kennedy, before Rian Johnson, when starwars fans like me could enjoy starwars without getting bullied..... Yeah those were the good days
Back when we had...
... A new hope
I miss getting hyped for these movies
this year this film will be half a decade old...wow
I remember how excited I was after watching this, before the dark times...
Today 5 years of Star wars The Force awakens
Say what you want about the movie, but we can agree on one thing...
THIS TRAILER IS FRICKEN AMAZING
I really love this movie. The only good one of the sequels imo
1:22 was the best part, so much memories.
The empire coming back to fight again
Reading these comments makes me feel sad about how this trilogy could be way better than the one we are stuck with
This trailer probably has one of the best ending build ups ever
YouTube recommended really out here trying to ruin my day with the most disappointing movie sequel of all time
Force awakens was decent despite feeling like a new hope remake. Last Jedi was an insult to Luke's character. Rise of Skywalker seemed like the franchise ran out of ideas.
The trailer and this movie, both were actually pretty good. But JJ Abrams messed up with the next two.
This is the only sequel that I genuinely adore
Who’s here after watching the final trailer of ROTS ?
My second favourite SW movie, after Empire. Also, this is easily one of the best trailers ever.
Still possibly the best movie trailer of all time.
wow i can't wait to see what they do with finn! i hope they don't just clickbait him and then shove him to the side!
This Christmas...cue chills
I remember when everyone was exited for this but today everyone just wants to get rid of the sequels and redo them properly
Even though it’s very similar to a new hope, this was easily the best in the sequel trilogy.
Back when everyone thought Finn was going to be the Jedi. Honestly he should have been. Disney did John Boyega so wrong. They marketed his character everywhere holding a blue lightsaber to show that we’re gonna be getting a black Jedi that was a former stormtrooper (stormtrooper to Jedi would be such a good story), but then they just toss him aside in episodes 8 and 9. Kathleen Kennedy is terrible 🤦‍♂️
This is the best movie trailer ever made
This could've been the start of a better, more epic trilogy than the ones we've seen before.
Keyword being "could've"
Back when Disney fooled us into thinking Finn was the Jedi.
5 years later and the trailer still hits better than the movie did by far....
This is the biggest return for a movie franchise by far
When I first  saw this I thought , “Finn is Mace Windu’s son?!!!” But yh I was completely wrong 🤣🤣
I hate that number 8 didn’t build upon so many set ups from this film.
It’s honestly infuriating!
I remember when everyone was so hyped for this
The good ol days
1:17 dropping the feels hammer
1:33 almost banged his head
This was the only good sequel
In my opinion, i thought that this movie was actually a good star wars movie
Rest in peace Peter Mayhew you will be missed, Chewie :,(
I'm hete bcuz it's better than the whole trilogy...
Trailer Finn: "I was raised to do one thing."
Movie Finn: "I worked sanitation."
The Force Awakens in a nutshell.
It's been exactly 5 years since this trailer came out...
before the dark times...
Still get goosebumps every time I watch this!
Wow this trilogy looks really promising! I’m sure it won’t be divisive at all and everyone will love it!
Bro I still remember seeing this trailer in theaters and me like: :0... brOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Remember when we didn’t fight over the sequels being good or bad can we go back?
2020, still think this is the best trailer ever.
I've watched this trailer at least 100 times in the last 24 hours
When someone doesn't wanna finish TLoU2 and you pick up the game: "I will finish...what you started."
I want to do the usual saying of, “Can we go back in time and see this for the first time again?”   
And then, I have to endure the four years of toxicity, harassment, endless clickbait, and the soul crushing disappointment of TROS all over again.   
To quote Gandalf: “I think it would be wiser to move on.”
STOP! 
If you don't want any spoilers I highly suggest you to stop reading the comments, have a great day :)
This trailer deserves an Oscar makes me emotional every time
I wish I was back in late 2015, it was the last day of school before the break and everyone was seeing this on opening day. And the fanbase wasn't divided. It was great.
Ok. Lets all be honest. TFA set some AMAZING groundwork for stories brimming with potential, but TLJ ruined it all. So sad.
i remember when we still had hope for the sequel trilogy
TFA JJ: Rey is no one
ROS JJ: yeah...but
So you’re finally stop watching this trailer after all these years
Me: No, no I don’t think I will
One of my favourite cinema experiences ever. I remember watching this on premier day and everyone was cheering and the movie was awesome and I wish I could experience it again.
This might be one of the greatest trailers of all time. Still get goosebumps to this day.
I still watch this trailer and get chills. I still watch each of the sequels and enjoy them thoroughly. It's a shame people are so divided but I'm so happy that when I look back on this trilogy I have a great time
when everyone thought Finn was gonna be the Jedi
I was really hoping this trailer would show Darth Vader turning into a scorpion. I guess we have to wait for the actual film.
aw man the good old days back when bb8 was hyped
Back when you had hope starting a new relationship and it was an okay movie.
back when we thought the sequels would be legendary
And then everything changed when Rose Tico came on board.
i've seen the movie twice and this trailer still excites me
Did you ever hear of the tragedy of jj,abrams the wise